hi everyone it's debbie here i'm here
today to show you another finished
journal that I'll be using for myself
this time it's the enchanted Rose mini
book I get requests a lot of times from
people who are new to digital downloads
to show them a finished product so this
is what this video is about it's to show
you what a digital download actually can
look like with very little materials
other than the actual printouts of the
kit I started out with just a ribbon to
keep it closed this one ended up really
bulky and so the flap optional flap that
you can use to cover the front I opted
out on just because I really like the
look of my tattered tea stained paper so
what I did with the flap is I just glued
it to the back and it's it's now usable
to hide pockets in so this one here uses
signature binding signatures are the
sections here just like old vintage
books and the strings are hidden inside
this inner spine that I created in this
kit because I wanted a clean-looking
spine on this mini book now the tutorial
for all of this is included when you
purchase the kits so I do show you how
to go through that little attaching part
okay
so I've used all the pockets and tags
that came in the kit and some additional
ones that come from my freebie blog what
you'll find if you're subscribed to my
weekly freebies is that a lot of my
tags and cards that I give away do
coordinate really well with some of my
kits and so you can just see them every
week and if they suit one of the kits
that you have then you just print them
out and you add them as add-ons so the
first pocket that I used is on the
inside of the cover it holds three of
these little double-sided tags the cards
that come with the kit the rest of my
pockets and tags are on the inside cover
of my signatures just so that that
leaves as much writing space as possible
on my tea stained tattered pages now
what I try to do in all of my kits is I
try to include as many tags and cards as
possible a lot of extra ones other than
the few pockets that are in the kits
because what you can do is use them as
pockets themselves the way I did in this
case and this one here holds a few
freebies like these two which coordinate
perfectly with this kit here and here's
another way to use one of the
embellishments from the kit just use it
as a flap to hold a few of these cards
again this one here is just an
embellishment but it holds a tag nicely
and this incidentally is a freebie from
my blog I just thought it looked so nice
with this kit and here's some more tags
some ribbon a skinny pocket with a
library card and another butterfly that
you can fussy cut
here's some more of those freebies and
they just fit perfectly inside of this
pocket which was part of the kit
double-sided card around here's freebie
and so that's which my digital download
kits look like once they're assembled
there are a lot of fun to use as I
mentioned earlier this one here doesn't
need any extra materials it's strictly
all the download pages and a few
freebies from my blog so feel free to
leave your questions or comments below I
always enjoy those thanks a lot for
watching and I'll see you next time